CORPIT-1710 Add a script to reset a yubikey (#40)
DataDog/yubikey: README.md

**Table 6**: Add these lines to `~/.bashrc`.

## Reset your yubikey

> If you need/want to reset your/serveral yubikey/s, you can use the reset.sh. The script look for every plugged yubikey

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to reset YubiKeys, you may use the following script. The script looks for every plugged YubiKey,
```

> then shows a menu to reset one specific key or all of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and shows a menu to reset one specific key, or all of them.
```

> **Please read and follow all of the instructions carefully. YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO RETRIEVE KEYS/DATA FROM THE YUBIKEY**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please read and follow all of the instructions carefully. YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO RETRIEVE KEYS/DATA FROM THE YUBIKEY AFTER COMPLETION**
```
